OT Primer Knowledge Check Questions (#66)
openthread/ot-docs: site/en/guides/thread-primer/ipv6-addressing.md

To learn more about Thread's IPv6 addressing, see sections 5.2 and 5.3 of the
[Thread Specification](http://threadgroup.org/ThreadSpec).

## Check Your Understanding

<div>
  <devsite-multiple-choice>
    <div>A Thread network consists of three scopes:</div>
    <div>
      <div>Private - interfaces are hidden from non-authorized devices</div>
      <div>Incorrect.</div>
    </div>
    <div>
      <div>Interface-Local - interfaces are reachable from the same device</div>
      <div>Incorrect.</div>
    </div>
    <div correct>
      <div>Link-Local - interfaces are reachable by a single radio
        transmission</div>
      <div>Correct.</div>
    </div>
    <div>
      <div>Site Local - interfaces are reachable by all devices within the same
        site</div>
      <div>Incorrect.</div>
    </div>
    <div correct>
      <div>Mesh-Local - interfaces are reachable by devices within the same
        Thread network</div>
      <div>Correct.</div>
    </div>
    <div correct>
      <div>Global - interfaces are reachable from outside the Thread
        network</div>
      <div>Correct.</div>
    </div>
  </devsite-multiple-choice>
</div>

<div>
  <devsite-multiple-choice>

>     <div>The prefix for a Link-Local address is

Author: I've chosen to solve this issue by eliminating some of the overlapping questions given that we have more than we need.

To learn more about Thread's IPv6 addressing, see sections 5.2 and 5.3 of the
[Thread Specification](http://threadgroup.org/ThreadSpec).

## Check your understanding

<div>
  <devsite-multiple-choice>

>     <div>A Thread network consists of which three scopes?</div>

Reviewer: Thread can support the full set of IPv6 multicast scopes as defined in [RFC 7346](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7346).

We may want to reformulate this question to test knowledge of how some of the scopes map onto Thread networks.

      <div>Correct.</div>
    </div>
    <div correct>
      <div>Global: interfaces are reachable from outside the Thread
        network.</div>
      <div>Correct.</div>
    </div>
  </devsite-multiple-choice>
</div>

<div>
  <devsite-multiple-choice>
    <div>What does it mean when a device has a Child ID of 0?</div>
    <div>
      <div>The device is a Child.</div>
      <div>Incorrect.</div>
    </div>
    <div>
      <div>The device is a REED.</div>
      <div>Close, but incorrect.</div>
    </div>
    <div correct>
      <div>The device is a Router.</div>
      <div>Correct. A Router always has a Child ID of 0.</div>
    </div>
  </devsite-multiple-choice>
</div>

<div>
  <devsite-multiple-choice>
    <div>A camera, which is a node on a Thread network, receives a new RLOC16
      and RLOC. Which of the following events might have caused this?</div>
    <div>
      <div>Someone remotely downloaded images from the camera.</div>
      <div>Incorrect. This event would have no bearing on the Thread
        network.</div>
    </div>
    <div correct>
      <div>A router dropped off the network.</div>
      <div>Correct. When a router drops off a network, the network

>         topology changes, which results in device readdressing.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        topology changes, which may result in the device promoting itself to become a router and obtaining a new RLOC.</div>
```

<div>
  <devsite-multiple-choice>

>     <div>What three scopes in a Thread network where unicast addressing is used?</div>

Reviewer 2: Which three scopes are used for unicast addressing in a Thread network?
